[Serious] What's a fact that just blows your mind?

November 2, 2000 was the last time all humans were on the planet together. Since then at least one person has remained on the international space station.

There is a termite colony in the Amazon Rain Forest that is the size of Great Britain and is almost 4,000 years old. There are also hundreds of millions of termite mounds.

That the biggest bacteria species known, Thiomargarita namibiensis, can have a maximum diameter of 0.7 millimeters, which is big enough for you to see it without a microscope.
That's insane if you consider that your average bacteria species has a diameter of 0.001 millimeters.

The sound made by the Krakatoa volcanic eruption in 1883 was so loud it ruptured eardrums of people 40 miles away, travelled around the world four times, and was clearly heard 3,000 miles away.
That's like you standing in New York and hearing a sound from San Francisc

A woman once jumped off the 86th floor of the Empire State Building but the wind pushed her back and she fell on a ledge on the 85th floor. She survived.

The U.S goverment has an official for a Zombie apocalypse. CONPLAN 8888 also known as Counter-Zombie Dominance was written in 2011. And just in case you think it's weird bureaucratic humor, the first line reads, 'This plan was not actually designed as a joke.'

That Neutrinos have mass and every second of every day about a billion of them are going through every square inch of your body - but the space between your atoms is so huge there's pretty much a 0% chance they will ever hit you.

Some animal abilities are truly amazing to me.
There's a type of lizard called the axolotl that can regenerate lost limbs in a matter of months.
And there's also a jellyfish called the immortal jellyfish that is, well, immortal. When they are attacked or when they get old, they can somehow revert to when they were babies and start growing up again.
Also, some animals can live without a head. A chicken once lived 18 headless months. And a turtle (tortoise? what's the difference?) lived 1.

If time travel were possible, you would need a time-and-space-machine to survive the trip, otherwise when you travelled back in time, the planet would be at a different point in its rotation around the sun and our solar system would be at a different point in space as it rotates, which means you'd travel back in time and be in an empty part of space.

Several thousand years ago, the Sahara was actually grassland with massive lakes that rivalled the Great Lakes of North America.
Also, at one point the Straight of Gibraltar was closed. This meant that the Mediterranean Sea almost completely evaporated.

If the timeline of the universe (up to now) was compressed into a year starting on new year's day, Homo sapiens would appear at 11:54 pm on December 31st.

The Fermi Paradox.
With the number of potentially habitable Earth-like planets in our galaxy alone, it’s very strange that we haven’t detected alien signals of any kind so far.
There’s lots of theories as to why that is, but my favorite is called the great silenceDark Forest (which sounds way cooler). Basically everyone else out there is being quiet and not transmitting because they know of some danger that we are unaware of, and they don’t want it to find them. Gives me chills.

The v2 rocket killed more people while actually making it than during ww2 when it was used. Also pepsi once had the 6th largest army/navy in the world.

The 52 factorial story (52 factorial being the number of possible combinations of a deck of cards.
If you haven’t read this before here. It still hurts my brain every time I read it.
“This number is beyond astronomically large. I say beyond astronomically large because most numbers that we already consider to be astronomically large are mere infinitesimal fractions of this number. So, just how large is it? Let's try to wrap our puny human brains around the magnitude of this number with a fun little theoretical exercise. Start a timer that will count down the number of seconds from 52! to 0. We're going to see how much fun we can have before the timer counts down all the way.
Start by picking your favorite spot on the equator. You're going to walk around the world along the equator, but take a very leisurely pace of one step every billion years. The equatorial circumference of the Earth is 40,075,017 meters. Make sure to pack a deck of playing cards, so you can get in a few trillion hands of solitaire between steps. After you complete your round the world trip, remove one drop of water from the Pacific Ocean. Now do the same thing again: walk around the world at one billion years per step, removing one drop of water from the Pacific Ocean each time you circle the globe. The Pacific Ocean contains 707.6 million cubic kilometers of water. Continue until the ocean is empty. When it is, take one sheet of paper and place it flat on the ground. Now, fill the ocean back up and start the entire process all over again, adding a sheet of paper to the stack each time you’ve emptied the ocean.
Do this until the stack of paper reaches from the Earth to the Sun. Take a glance at the timer, you will see that the three left-most digits haven’t even changed. You still have 8.063e67 more seconds to go. 1 Astronomical Unit, the distance from the Earth to the Sun, is defined as 149,597,870.691 kilometers. So, take the stack of papers down and do it all over again. One thousand times more. Unfortunately, that still won’t do it. There are still more than 5.385e67 seconds remaining. You’re just about a third of the way done.
To pass the remaining time, start shuffling your deck of cards. Every billion years deal yourself a 5-card poker hand. Each time you get a royal flush, buy yourself a lottery ticket. A royal flush occurs in one out of every 649,740 hands. If that ticket wins the jackpot, throw a grain of sand into the Grand Canyon. Keep going and when you’ve filled up the canyon with sand, remove one ounce of rock from Mt. Everest. Now empty the canyon and start all over again. When you’ve leveled Mt. Everest, look at the timer, you still have 5.364e67 seconds remaining. Mt. Everest weighs about 357 trillion pounds. You barely made a dent. If you were to repeat this 255 times, you would still be looking at 3.024e64 seconds. The timer would finally reach zero sometime during your 256th attempt. “

That our galaxy and the Andromeda are going to collide a long, long time from now to form Milkdromeda!
That and that our universe will slowly die one day. There'll be no galaxies, no stars, no nebulae, nothing. It will all die out and leave noting but black holes and dwarf stars.

I recently got my cat some catnip treats and as I was googling what to buy, I found that catnip actually works as an insect repellent. In fact, catnip is 10X more republican than DEET!

You are outnumbered in your own body. The bacteria present in/on your body outnumber your own cells. We wouldn't even be able to survive without most of them.

How MASSIVE the solar system is compared to Earth. Not even regarding any other part of space, just the solar system. It's insane.

Vacuum decay could completely annihilate the entire universe at any moment and we wouldn't even see it coming. One moment you're doing your thing, the next you and everything else just blips completely out of existence.

That one guy who tried to assassinate Andrew Jackson. He had two guns and both of them jammed. Best part is that the secret service had to pull Jackson off the assassin because the latter was beating the former to death with a cane

Every 2 years there's a convention that reunites all the cities called newcastle in any language, this convention is called Newcastles Of The World, it even has his own website

The fact that people choose to believe that the vaccines hurt people, the earth is flat, etc. And calls us "idiots","liars" for believing the truth that the science tells us. I mean I'm pro-vaccine,round earth believer.
Hope people will learn reality not stupid stuff.

Took more time to go from bronze swords to steel swords than steel swords to nuclear weapons and less time from nukes to melting lasers that literally MELT metal is seconds

Charles Darwin is considered to be the Father of Evolution. But he never once used the word "evolution" in his masterpiece book "On the Origin of Species".

Ant biologists still don't know the maximum life span of most ant queens.  They just live too long to keep track, and they're not too easy to keep in captivity.  The longest one on record is like 30 years old, and there could easily be species that live longer than that.

Liquids behave exactly like particles. Say you have one bucket of sand and one bucket of gravel. You mix the two, but you won't get two buckets worth of sand/gravel mix. The sand will fall into the gaps between the chunks of gravel.
Worked example:
If you add 1 liter of pure ethanol to 1 liter of pure water, you will NOT get 2 liters of fluid. You will actually get about 1.9 liters of mixture.
1 liter of ethanol weighs 789 grams. 1 liter of water weighs 1000 grams. Combined, that mixture will weigh 1789 grams. 789/1789 = 44% mixture by weight which has a 
1789 grams of this mixture will actually have a volume of: 1789/925 = 1.93 liters

The Smartphone that you hold in your hand has more technological strength then the Apolo 11 Lunar Ship.
Americans eat 1.5 BILLION Pounds of Potato Chips each year. Just Americans, not world.

The way the human brain works. These cells that are powered by tiny jolts of electricity are collectively having conscious thoughts, coming up with morals and empathy and every human behavior

Horses have to be taught new skills/worked with from both their left and right sight because their brains cannot connect the two. For example: you want to gentle a wild horse; if you only worked with the left side of the horse that side would get tamed but if you left the right side alone it would remain wild. So you’d literally have a half wild horse.️

