What is the thing you envy of the opposite sex?

No fucking periods.
Edit: my very first RIP my inbox. Glad three words could rally both sides and give some tips to all (and some humor mixed in of course)!

Clothing options. I feel like women have such a broad range of clothing options compared to men. And you can wear leggings without being seen as weird
Edit: fuck it, I'm buying some leggings

Being able to whip it out and pee anywhere easily and not having to use toilet paper to dry off.

As a man, being able to be friendly with kids that aren't my own and nurturing in general without being worried about how it's perceived by others, well some at least, as being sinister or weird.
Don't like to say good things about myself, raised to be modest and all. But I'm really good with kids. Able to engage with them at a level they understand and teach them while being friendly. Probably comes from having a sis 6 years younger. Be patient, entertain and protect. I understand why people are suspicious these days but if I was a woman I don't think I'd have to worry about it so much. That would be nice.
Screw having periods though I have some friends who are often absolutely wrecked by those.
lol how soon til someone posts asking What is the thing you don't envy about the opposite sex do you think?

I hate making the first move. Would be nice not to have too
There goes my notifications. Thank you all for your nice comments!

Female here.
Things I envy about men:
-Decent pockets in clothing
-Never expected to wear heels
-Can pee standing up (without making a mess)
-Much less shaving needed to be socially acceptable in summer
-Can usually reach higher shelves without a step ladder.
Things I don't envy:
-Out-of-context boners
-Expectation to never be emotionally vulnerable
-While the face has a lot less surface area than everything I'm expected to shave, it seems like a much more complicated job
-Much less choice for work clothes
-General societal views on masculinity and lack of freedom to act outside of that without judgement (a woman not being feminine is praised, a man not being masculine is ridiculed).
EDIT: I see now that I was horribly misguided about how easy it is for men to pee standing up without making a mess. Thank you for educating me, men of Reddit.

How easy reproduction is for men. Yes I understand they have their own issues but i would swap any day. The constant unease when you know you are close to your period. Is it discharge or did I bleed? If I stand up will I leave a mark? The monthly general uncomfortableness, pain, moods, bloating and cost of periods. The side effects of birth control and cost of it. The fear of unwanted pregnancies. The stigma of abortions. And the fact men don’t have to screw up their bodies to bring kids into the world.
Very very envious of this.

The emotional support. I may have a dick, but I do have heart as well, however unbelievable and surprising it may sound. I always appreciate someone showing they actually do care about me, I always treasure it.

Easier ability to age and it not be considered something to hide or cover up, but something that can even be seen as more "distinguished" or "respectable".

I just want to be listened to. You have no idea how impossible it is to be a woman in a small town where everyone still holds the same 1950s values. Nobody ever takes me seriously, nobody listens to what I have to say, and nobody thinks I have good ideas until a man repeats them. And I can't even get angry about it because then I get "you're cute when you're mad ;)" or "is it That Time Of The Month?"
Also, being able to exist on the Internet without getting pictures of people's genitals sent to me all the time would be nice.

Not having to worry about your safety around the opposite sex

I want a dick. I want to stand and pee, jerk off easier, and it looks fun

Not getting a boner at the funeral service. I mean my grandfather is hot but come on.

I remember leaving a friends house with my year old baby girl and she was not having it. As I carried her to my car she was crying up a storm.  I have never felt more judged or nervous about carrying my own child as I did on that 30 second walk to my car.
My wife and other moms just didn't understand why I felt nervous!

If someone from my sex beats someone of opposite sex
People: " I'ma report the police."
If someone from the opposite sex beats someone from my sex
People: "He must have done something wrong. Totally worth the beating.:

Not being expected to constantly think, plan, strategize, and carry out all household chores, while being successful in a professional career.

Being less susceptible to contracting UTIs. Shit’s painful.

Pretty much nothing. Between periods, being expected to shave and pluck your body hair, mouthbreathers occasionally harassing you in public, not being able to piss standing up (huge disadvantage when it comes to public toilets), the hours long hair and skincare routines every night, whatever the fuck else the poor fucks have to deal with, I see no significant advantages whatsoever. If anything, you couldn't pay me to be a woman.

They don’t have to wear makeup and have clear skin to be considered good looking

Not being seen as always chasing sex.
I hate that I can't sit down and get to know someone without them thinking that I want to get in their pants. Also, people cross the street so they don't walk next to me at night (I've started crossing the street first so they don't have to and because I don't want anyone to feel unsafe).
I totally understand why this happens, and why it should happen, and I support people protecting themselves! I just wish we didn't live in a society where this was necessary.

Not having to worry about having kids up until a certain age? Well, I know sperm quality starts to decline also with age, but I think that happens much later in life for men, whereas women are recommended to have kids by age 35, because after that, higher risks of defects can arise.

I have an overactive bladder. I do anything to be able to neatly pee in a bottle.
Edit: I’m saying this as someone with a medical condition who’s had to pee in a cup or bush many times when I couldn’t get to a restroom quick enough. I’ve even peed my pants before. There I said it. Please relax.

A couple things as a guy Dude:
- Not expected to make the first move by default. I am very shy.
-Having "me time" seems a lot more fun as a Woman, and I am very jelly.

Not having periods. My current birth control means I haven't had a period in six years but I live in dread of that disgusting, dirty sweaty feeling, always preparing for leaking or staining and painful cramps.

I’m jealous of how men can pee in the woods on hiking trips.

I hate how all the worst stuff in society, stuff like dangerous work, has to be done by men, and no consideration can be made for you. If it's hard, or stressful, or dangerous, or anything like that and you're struggling with it, or would like some help you're literally told to "be a man", "man up", "quit being a bitch". In recent years, I have seen some in roads and improvements be made. So, that's nice. Young men nowadays might get to grow up and not think they are a disposable commodity.

Not being ridiculed for being sexual and also not wanting kids.

Def not being in extreme pain every month (and having your pain be taken seriously by medical professionals in general)

Not having balls. Balls are problematic passengers for me. Also being able to dress lavishly and colorfully without it being considered weird.

It's much rarer for a guy to get a compliment than a girl. Which sucks because compliments are just nice to get.

