People who have read the data that Google has collected on you, what is the most disturbing data they had collected about you?

Once they were showing me ads about child flu medicines. I got home late that night and everyone in the house was sleeping. Next morning I found out that my child actually just had a flu. Google knew before me about it.

4 years ago my dog passed away and I remember googling stuff related to it.
A week ago, Just like any other day, I was using youtube. And what I noticed is going to be weird. I was being shown advertisements related to dogs health products and dog guides. This was all of a sudden and it had never popped up before.
Yesterday.... my dog fell sick.

I work in entertainment, and had been working on a project involving various video files which were shared to me via google drive. after the project was over the share was deleted and we had to ensure we had removed all related media and sign various bits of paperwork to confirm we hadn't kept any data. 4 months later I downloaded my google data, the file was massive and I wasn't sure why as its mostly text, then I found a video file from the old project that was stashed in my data...needless to say I nigh shit myself, then scrubbed it from my PC and pretended I never saw anything.

My friends used to live opposite a well known brothel and google thought I was checking into the brothel everytime I visited my friends' house across the street. Needless to say it was an embarrassing thing for google to ask me to review while I was showing my family some holiday photos. 5 stars, would visit again.

definitely the timeline of where i've been. good ole GPS in my phone let google know exactly where i was standing, when i was standing there and even drew a line to show where i was walking to.

Google erroneously concluded that I was a bishop performing confirmations.
Instead, I'm a church organist providing music for such liturgies.

It was trippy to hear actual voice clips of me using ask google on my old android from a decade ago

It showed that I went to a casino and lodge a little north from Traverse City that I had never been to.

When they take a picture I've taken on my phone, then edit it and is like "Hey, look at our edit of your photo". I mean, wtf. They seriously go through my pictures, find a nice one and Photoshop it? Even if it's a AI doing it it's creepy af.

my dad mentioned a book while I was scrolling down the youtube startpage on my phone, one second later I see a video about that book.

I tried to download my data but it took a million years and it glitched the fuck out of my phone... Hmmmm

I had a busy month at work and when I got the movement/travel map it was nuts.
Red dots in Thailand, Canada, USA, Mozambique, Australia, New Zealand,  and Chile

GPS tracking down to the minute, which tracked which exact stores within a shopping centre that I had visited.

Locations. Turned that shit off immediately. Who really knows if it’s completely off. I’m leaning towards it isn’t.
Speaking of, how on earth does google know when I get in my car? I can understand leaving in the morning, same time every day, fine. But I drive multiple vehicles for work and leave sporadically in a 5 hour window, it’s never consistent.
I’ll drive 10 trucks but the second I get in my truck it tells me how long it’s going to take to get home. I’d like to know how it knows.

I have tried to read the comments 4 times.  I get "we are having trouble getting to reddit".  I think the question should be, What data does Google have on reddit?

That I was a 65 year old woman living in Allentown, PA, who loved researching the history of capital punishment.
I mean, I've researched capital punishment like a few times for school essays condemning it, and I went to a school trip to an amusement park in Allentown, but I for the life of me don't know how they decided that I, an 18-year-old male, was a 65-year-old woman.

The recordings of my voice of every single time I used Google Assistant to do something. Complete with time and location stamps. All because I used an Android Wear smart watch.
I expected transcripts. Not to hear my own voice.

I was tracked across the country with a tablet that don't have a data plan.
So exactly how does it do that if it don't even have a way to do that if it only works on wifi!?

The time I went in and left a LIST of stores. I turned that off Immediately.

I was happy to find that most of the "interests" they had pinned on me were hilariously inaccurate.
What I was unhappy to find was that they knew my job had changed before it actually did (this is logical as it requires a lot of googling). When I did searches at my previous job for related things on my personal devices, they somehow knew these were "one-offs" and knew not to use it to build a profile on me. They know a lot of things I never search, get emails about, or discuss on Google-owned platforms. I have a few blockers stacked on top of each other on my laptop so that is safe, but my phone... well I need to be more careful about that. And get a Pihole.

OK so, not Google, but I have downloaded a few Facebook accounts. It includes every single IP with location and system info you've ever logged in with and keywords of every sponsored post you've clicked on. One account had 30+ pages of login info. A bad actor could have a lot of info about your movements from that.

Where I am, where I've been, who I was with, who I am with, what I'm interested in, what I'm afraid of.
From now on, ExpressVPN, Google tracking and optional data collection turned off, Duckduckgo, and Brave. Nobody needs to know any of that info 'cept me.

Our fridge broke down a few weeks before the quarantine, and the day before we went to the store, I got a bunch of ads for the same place on YouTube.

I was looking at guitars and my mothers phone, opened up MY LAPTOP, which isn’t connected accounts, and got an ad for that exact guitar

When I was trying to type Corn but I accidentally replaced the c with the p somehow

Pictures that I'd taken and forgotten about, from a trip to Washington DC.  I try to be diligent about protecting my online data, but those pics were taken on my very first smartphone, so I wasn't quite savvy enough to have pistol-whipped my device into compliance yet.

My phone knew when it was time for me to go home from work and knew that the normal route I take had construction. I never told my phone where i lived, what my schedule was, or how I'd like to head home.

When I was in college, sometimes I'd look medications up on google. I would get targeted ads for addiction treatment.

I drove more than halfway around the world in 2019, as Google Maps kindly told me in January when it tallied up my km travelled.
Not disturbing, but sad considering I never left a 3-hour radius of my home.

