What was the "please stop" school presentation that you witnessed?

This was in fucking college. Our bio finals were to present on any topic that was related to biology. A group was presenting on types of protection for sex. Not once did they refer to any body parts or fluids by their scientific names. So, yes; they literally had "dick," "cum," and "pussy" on slides and read off them. Everyone kept glancing over at our professor, who had this look like he was just constantly cleaning his glasses because he couldn't believe what he was witnessing. They got Kentucky fucked on grading.

It was my sophomore year English class, this kid who was reading his essay in front of the class and started to stumble over some of the words. The teacher recognized the words and found the essay the kid plagiarized and started HELPING HIM READ IT the kid didn’t understand what was happening and just thanked the teacher and kept reading.
Edit: Holy crap! Gold? Thank you. I don’t have time to reply to everyone but here’s a few more details for clarity. This was in like 2004, the teacher found the essay on the internet. He gave the kid a day to try again. The kid was stumbling over the words because they were big ones he’d evidently never seen before. Everything else is fuzzy since it was over 15 years ago. Cheers! Thanks for the upvotes!

I studied went to school for Computer Security. In an introduction to computer security course, we had to do a project on Social Engineering. A student decided that for his project he was going to find a way to gain access to a chosen website.
As he presented all these we kept expecting him to say "but that would be illegal, so I didn't do X", but he went all the way.
The professor finally stopped him after he said he logged into the domain registrar and told him to destroy everything and never speak of it again.
I think the professor was a bit nicer than he could have been... potentially to the point of accomplice (telling him to destroy evidence).

I’ve told this on reddit a few times but it’s truly unforgettable.
“Smart” kid in the class was giving a deeply sourced power point presentation on religion in Europe. He opens up his files, proceeds to click on his project named N*gger”. He says “Clearly I wasn’t really paying any attention when I named my file.” He gives the presentation. He stutters and sweats bullets while we watch in utter disbelief. The word is sitting there on the top of the file heading the whole time.
This was during a study abroad semester while attending a Cultural Communication class. He had to rot in his own shit after that.

It's me. I did this. I cringe about it to this day, nearly 20 years later.
I was 16 and in high school. My high school was going to do a spring talent show. I wanted to be in the talent show and show off my talents. The problem was, my actual talents are not ones that I could show off at a talent show. So I decided to try singing.
I have never sung in my life. I have never had voice lessons.
I was in my prime weeb stage and chose an anime song to sing. I didn't know any actual Japanese, I had just memorized the lyrics from hearing the song so many times.
Luckily I didn't make it past auditions, but several people saw an overweight girl in a Sailor Moon shirt try to sing 'Butterfly' despite having never done any singing or voice training ever in her life.
Nearly 20 years later, and remembering it keeps me awake at night.

We were supposed to have Arnold Schwarzenegger come to our school sometime around 1999 or 2000, principal was hyping it up for weeks,  then about 4 days before his arrival it was announced on Friday that he wasn't coming. Fast forward to Monday during morning announcements it's announced he's changed his mind and is coming to our school tomorrow as planned.
Come Tuesday morning everyone is excited,  were all amped to meet The Terminator, a handful of parents even came with VHS copies of his movies,  posters, ect. Were all going to our gym/auditorium, taking our seats.
Principal takes the stage takes the moment to make some announcements, award honor roll, perfect attendance,  ect. Finally she starts hyping up Around Schwarzenegger,  everyone is excited and on edge, when she basically says "heres Arnie" and.
It's the vice principal in a leather jacket holding a shotgun (not a toy one either)  and spends 30-40 minutes trying to hype us up for FCAT all the while  doing the absolute worst impression of Arnold Schwarzeneg I've ever heard.
Once we realized Arnold wasn't there people start shouting,  screaming at the principal's for lying to us, along with some of the parents who came to this.
I do hope someone has footage of this meltdown of a bunch of K-5 kids shouting and screaming at the principals because Arnold Schwarzenegger didn't come to our school. Because I clearly remember 2-3 people having camcorders.
Edit: Thanks for the gold, honestly thought this would get buried, and can anyone explain the office reference?  I genuinely hate the show so I'm not sure why people kept bringing it up.
As for some of the questions,  Arnold was scheduled but canceled last minute on not only my school but my cousins who he was supposed to go to on Wednesday.  Instead he only went to one school in my city (which I don't remember which one atm, but I'll add it if I remember it)
Yes the principals apologized the next day, and the vice principal changed schools the following school year.
I have absolutely no idea why he thought bringing a shotgun was a good idea, but I think he was attempting to look the part, which considering his massive gut, really didn't help.

Compared to some other stories in here this is minor, but it was a group project for one of my literature classes. There were five people in this group. According to the rubric for this assignment, everyone was supposed to have equal speaking parts.
One of the members in this group would just not stop talking. Half of their presentation was just her talking (and she went on about each of her slides for like 5 minutes). The rest of her group members had like 1 or 2 slides each, and she had IIRC 5 or 6. She would also interject into the other group member's parts to add her opinions.
The look on my professors face screamed "Just shut up already!" everytime she talked.

Us.
We were to make a film retelling the story of Hamlet. It was supposed to be five minutes. Being the creative nutcases we were, we made a 22 minute film complete with a commercial break which made fun of prior books we had to read. Ophelia was a Jersey Shore whore who refused to take her Prozac, Polonious was a perverted Greek philosopher, and Hamlet was a depressed emo. Sword fights were video game based, with Mortal Kombat themes. We presented it to the class and were cut off after five minutes.
We received an A-.

Not a literal presentation really, but we had an assembly in high school where the students that helped plan homecoming would announce the nominations for homecoming court. It always had a cute little theme and like a short skit involved. Well at one point the audio they were using as the cue for the skit failed. They just kind of paused for technical difficulties, but this one girl from the planning committee started singing a random Disney song a capella while improvising a dance to go along with it, I guess as a distraction from them trying to fix the audio?
She kept trying to get people to join in with her, but nobody did, and she eventually just kind of trailed off mid song and started pouting that nobody would sing with her. Then once they got the audio fixed for the skit she pouted and snapped the way through the rest of her lines, which made everything even more uncomfortable.
The other famous one was when a girl in our class running for student government referenced a hashtag that she was trying to make popular during her campaign speech to the whole school. The hashtag was something catchy about her having a big ass. There was a genuine collective "yikes" from the crowd when she said it. I don't think she got elected.

During nursing school a guy decided to use my little pony figures as props to a seminar room of about 100 people. He told the class that he would refer to himself as his pony name for the duration.. Don't remember what it was.
Also, not that this is relevant but he wore a black leather trench coat and it was pretty hot in the room yet he never took it off... cringe.
Edit: He wasn't a student he came in to do a talk about epilepsy and his experience with healthcare. We got to review them at the end and I gave him a good score because he actually had a lot of interesting things to say about his condition even if it was cringey.

A teacher asked up to compare the cells in our body to anything we can think of. Obviously some students compared the parts of the human cell to schools, jails, libraries, normal things right? Well this one student that sits next to me had a different idea. These were group projects keep in mind. This girl managed to strong arm her group to compare the human cell to the infamous webcomic Homestuck. She did this successfully. Not only did I feel dirty but her group felt worse for having their names on it.

We had this senior talent show that a few male students could sign up for (No idea why it was only guys, or how the few people even got nominated for it) and they all had to do their own act. Some sang, some danced, some put on a funny skit (possibilities were endless)
Well, each year someone who never got told they weren't good at singing would end up on stage. One time this guy did the evolution of boy band songs and it was just below average singing for (no joke) 15 minutes straight.
Bonus skit that I'm glad didn't stop because it was hilarious, one guy did a wrestling skit with different movie characters and my friend was the announcer. When Indiana Jones got into the ring my friend announced "Its the BDSM bad boy himself" and somehow that slipped by all the school staff members and made it into the DVD's the school sold. Another friend of mine sang Disney princess songs while wearing a sonic hat and got second place and at least 3 girls gave him their number.

This one happened a few months ago only actually :
We were in law and entrepreneurship class and we had to make a presentation about a made up company we would invent and the two class "clowns" made their presentation about a drink and their slogan was "If she's drunk she can't say no" and neither of them wanted to read it.
They just wanted to skip over it, but the teacher made them read it and asked them to go back to their places, i had never seen someone so calm and angry at the same time. When the class started hesitatingly clapping, the prof said "Stop, this isn't worth clapping for"
The next week, the two of them went around all the classes during the morning reading time to present a video about consent
TLDR : Two idiots made a rape joke in class and the teacher acted accordingly
Edit : Sorry for my english, i meant teacher, not professor, we're still in high school

Student gave a presentation on the need to strap laser beams to deer heads that trigger sonic waves so that the deer are detracted from crossing highways.
Context: I wasn’t the grading teacher, but I was asked to supervise the teacher.
Theme was supposed to be on how to solve a problem youth is facing (ex. How to be a “Solutionary”).
Student was in 10th grade.
Edit: simplified it for you slow readers. ;) But the presentation was hard to follow so therefore hard to explain. It was almost 15 minutes and begged so many questions it’s not even funny.

Opioid awareness, literally a few months ago.
Started with them blasting the ENTIRETY of the Disturbed cover of The Sound of Silence, while a slideshow of images containing sad stock photos with the watermark all over, random shots of really dark nighttime photos, and tons of poorly photoshopped drug images trudged on ever so slowly.
Then, two women told us the harrowing stories of how their sons died of opioid overdoses. Incredibly emotional, several people cried. Real downer, basically.
Then, a DEA agent comes up and tries to act all bad cop. He calls us, an assembly of high school students, grades 9-12, “fucking morons”. The principle was not pleased.
He is then followed by a nurse who was there to tell us the physical effects of opioid addiction and withdrawals and all that, and she did talk about that, but the whole time she was running around practically screaming jokes and doing shitty over-the-top gags trying to be the comic relief. In an opioid assembly. Where two women shared the stories of how their children DIED. What the fuck was she doing being that loud and crazy.
Everyone came out of the whole thing with a general attitude of “yeah fuck opioids, but also fuck that whole presentation”

For a Public Speaking class in college, we had to give a persuasive speech. One kid did his speech about porn.
If he had had a legitimate argument, like "sex work is real work," or "porn has a negative affect on a person's self-image," the speech would have been fine - we were all mature adults. But all he did was list the different kinds of porn he liked - in detail, with visual aids.
The professor stopped him after a few minutes, and asked him to explain what he wanted to persuade the audience about. He answered: "Porn is good."

In 4th year university we had a year-long seminar course of 15ish students. Our big end of year project was to give a 3 hour lecture on one of the historical figures we’d studied.
One guy got up there and was so nervous he blasted through his content in less than an hour, without hardly taking a breath. Nobody could understand him, the prof didn’t step in to tell him to slow down, and he was sweating so profusely his shirt was soaked through.
I felt really bad for him, but oh god.
EDIT: the class was taken several years ago, and had more like 8 or 9 students. The presentations still took the majority of the semester. Brutal.

In middle school there was a school wide assembly telling kids not to use the bathroom anywhere other than a bathroom. Kids were peeing/pooping in hallways because the handbook "never said you had to use a bathroom".
Edit: I wasn't a participant in the bathroom behavioral problems.
Edit 2: People are confused as to why you would do this. I honestly have no clue. The younger kids would do the dirty work while most older kids did a downgrade of it. It was that super weird trend.
Edit 3: Just wanted to say that the school couldn't really do anything other than tell them to stop because, in fact, it wasn't in the handbook. Of course you can't do it in front of an administrator or teacher, but nothing was stopping you.

Once in college I was in my Spanish class and our desks were in a “U” shape, I was on the very end of the “U”.
So some guy is giving a presentation, he is standing behind a podium. Gets a boner. I’m on the side and no one is opposite so I can see it.... dude just kept going on and on and on, I think he was trying to outlast the boner. He ended up getting it down before he had to sit down. Was like a 10 min presentation that only needed to be like 3 min though.
Edit: presentation was in Spanish too.

My junior year in French class. This one girl did not know French at all, despite taking the class for four years. She was pretty open about it too-laughing and saying how she didn’t need this class in the middle of the presentation! The teacher asked her to sit.
Edit: I forgot to add that prior to being called out, she was standing in front of her presentation half-assedly pointing at it and laughing. At one point, she was trying to say "Je suis heureuse" (I am happy) but she couldn't think of it and finally just said: "Jay sweeze am happy, okay?"

Freshman year college public speaking course. Had to give a persuasive speech on a “controversial” topic.
Being the deep thinker I was, wrote my speech arguing we shouldn’t have seat belt laws, it was a personal choice... blah blah blah. Almost finished my speech, cute blonde girl gets up and runs out of the room crying. Girl sitting next to her says that her friend had just died in a car accident from... not wearing a seat belt.
I freeze and look over at the prof. She says don’t worry about it, it happens. If I remember right I got an A or B. The girl ended up being a friend of some friends and I would see her around campus and at parties. Never worked up the nerve to talk to her or apologize.

I was in a japanese film class for a credit I needed and the final project was some open ended paper where you got to choose the topic and our Japanese born teacher told us some story about a creepy neckbeard who did his on Japanese porn and how no one should do anything like that.
Anyways on the day it was due the creepiest neckbeard stereotype Ive ever seen, who was in my class, presented his long ass cringe presentation on Japanese porn in the class that no one wanted to hear, already knowing the teacher has seen this shit before and wasnt about it at all
edit: just to clarify his main talking point was about how Japanese people have a greater appreciation for big boobs than Americans, it wasnt some academic treatise on sexual norms or gender expectations in porn or anything

During our practice rounds for senior presentations, a girl got up with her PowerPoint that had paragraphs of text on each slide and then proceeded to read the paragraphs word for word from her notecards. The teacher stopped her and asked if this is how her whole presentation was and when she responded yes, the teacher stopped her and asked her to change her presentation. She wasn't understanding what was wrong, so we kindly gave her some feedback. She redid the presentation a few days later but the original was ROUGH.

In 8th grade, we each had to do a Powerpoint presentation on some historical event.
The resident smartass/elitist gamer kid did his in the style of Zero Punctuation, talking fast, trying to go for British dry snarky humor, and putting snarky "comedic" slides in his presentation. I don't even remember what it was about, I just remember him trying way too hard to be Yahtzee when I was literally the only other person in the room who knew who that was. No one was impressed. Not even me, and I was one of the closest people in that room he had to a real friend.
IIRC the teacher actually got really annoyed at his presentation because of how he tried to focus on a gimmick rather than get the point across.

Second year of high school. We needed to act a chapter of a book. The teacher put us in groups of five, but there were six characters in the chapter, and three of them were women, but we had 2 girls in the group. So, guess who ended up having a double roll?
Why me? Because, in the words of my teammates, I was the "one with the most femenine face". With no options, I learned my dialogues, practiced my best attempt of a female voice, grabbed a scarf and a beanie from my mom and went out there to embarass myself in front of all the class. Hell yeah
Apparently, with the beanie and the scarf I DO look like a girl, because the first time someone saw me with that he though I was a girl from another class. That was TOTALLY what I wanted to hear in that moment. Then the play started. I was constantly switching my female character with my male character (basically just changing the beanie and scarf for a coat and changing my voice). It wouldn't be that bad if my scenes were scattered around the play, but NOOO. They were consecutive.
So there I am, exiting and entering the classroom with different outfits and voices, hoping that anyone who were walking through the hallway looked at me and think I just went nuts. Also, little detail, I get really nervous speaking in public, and it's even worse when I'm acting. And it's EVEN worse when I'm acting, humilliating myself in public, and with my CRUSH next to me. Almost all my scenes were me talking to my crush with the stupid beanie, the stupid scarf, my stupid attempt of a female voice and my stupid face.
We got a 17/20 tho, so I guess it wasn't that bad

High school junior English class. An easy 6/7 years ago so details are fuzzy but,
We had weeks to prepare a presentation alongside an informative essay that we wrote. Weeks. Of in class time- like, 3-4 weeks of full 5 day, 50 minute classes for this essay; presentation; and the actual presenting. This kid in the class decided to write about the problems of procrastination.
For the essay, it was a few sentences, something like: I procrastinated and this was the result: nothing done, etc
The presentation: a few slides, all white with the default texts and sizes and it was something along the same lines of: I have nothing prepared because my topic is procrastination.
The teacher was disturbingly unimpressed and the kid threw such a fit about falling this major project (seriously, it was a hefty portion of the class) that he transferred out of the class.

I had my college freshman English students present 10 minutes on their favorite hobbies, with PowerPoints and handouts.
This one stoner kid decided to do his on Magic: The Gathering, which I was pretty excited about, since I'm an avid player.
He started his presentation by announcing to the class, in a booming voice, "I AM A PLANESWALKER!" The next 15 minutes (5 over the limit) he explained the lore and backstory. He never once said it was a game or fantasy series; he literally presented it as if it were fact. He sounded completely insane, describing how he loved raising the dead and waging war against Elves and Angels.
Awkward aside: he failed my class, and we later had to play in a major tournament. I beat him and knocked him out of the prize bracket. He was only in my area because his family had been evicted and he was living with a friend.

As a teacher, one day we had to sit in the library for four hours after school for testing prep. Basically there was a district/state-approved slideshow that our technology coordinator had to click through, which is fine. But the worst part was that they also required that we listen to a horrible recording of someone reading EVERY WORD on EVERY SLIDE. Very slowly and with so much repetition between slides.
You couldn’t really read the words on the slides because there were so many, they had to make them tiny. There were like 80 slides. Oh yeah, and the recording was barely intelligible. Worst staff meeting ever.

My sophomore year I was in public speaking and we had to give our first speech to the class. This mountain of a boy stands up in front of the class to give his 5 minute speech on his football position and why linebackers are so important. He stood next to the lecturn and not 30 seconds into his speech he grabbed his groin. He kept pulling on it and adjusting it in his jeans. After about a minute and a half the teacher had to stop him ( I guess she wasn't watching because another guy in  class actually called him out on it) and educate the class on how to hide your nervousness and appropriate ways to keep your hands busy.

In my high school there was this one kid obsessed with Doom video games and that awful movie adaptation that was just released at that time. In one of the classes everybody was required to freely pick up a subject and make a presentation. The Doom Kid chose to live imitate every single demon sound from the series and demonstrate how the characters move in the game. Crawling, growling and hissing went on about 30 minutes before the teacher finally decided to call the kid off stage and end the most awkward presentation that I've ever seen.

