What is your Tinder horror story?

So I met this girl on tinder and went for a lunch date. We had a pretty good connection so we decided to have dinner as well.
After having a few drinks one thing lead to another and ended up back at my place, we hooked up and went to sleep.
Middle the night I wake up. She’s intensely staring at me while she’s crouched behind the bed. I asked her if everything is alright, she said yes and got back into bed... I thought “little creepy, but probably nothing to worry about.”
She lays down to cuddle with me and she’s wet. At the time, I was like “damn I must just be a stallion.” Fast forward to the morning, she’s gone and there’s a wet puddle beside the bed.
she peed on my floor
I still don’t understand it. I had a bathroom, but maybe she just got lost and couldn’t hold it?
I did not hear from her again.

We were supposed to meet at 9pm, he fell asleep and called me at 9:30 when I was already at the carnival. I told him not to bother coming as I didn’t want to see him.
He asked for another chance and I agreed.
Unfortunately my dad got really ill and had to spend the next six weeks in the hospital with me visiting him daily. I had no time for dates and he got extremely mad.
He made a fake Instagram account which he used to follow me and everybody that I followed. He then saw me in a friend’s Instagram story and showed up to the restaurant we were at. He called me a whore and a liar and we had to threaten to call the police because he would not leave.
Edit: some of you are asking how it ended and I’ll just add this to my comment.
He had my number and kept calling me using different phones. I knew it was him because he’d just be silent and I could hear him breathing. He did this for over 10 months, I was even living in a different country towards the end.
One day I was expecting a call from a friend and had a missed call from a landline so I called back.
It was his mom, I explained to her what was happening and after a long silence she said “Please don’t call the police, I will talk to him”.
Never heard from him again.

Matched with my bff's fiance after the engagement party. Screen shots of everything and lost my bff because I don't play that. I was uninvited to the wedding. Marriage lasted 18 months.
Since so many have asked: I did not swipe right. I took a screenshot and asked my friend what she wanted me to do. She asked me to swipe right to see if he was active. I did and he messaged me asking to hook up. I told him off. He still wanted to hook up. I gave her all the screenshots. He uninvited me from the wedding because he was certain I would embarrass him. He was correct.
I wouldn't sleep with my friends fiance, nor would I pretend that he wasn't a jerk. That's why the friendship ended.
She was from a culture that required marriage before children. She was desperate for a baby and thought he was her last chance.
He was running for a public office and wanted the smiling wife and cute baby.
Yes. They both used each other.
Edited to add: yes.  They had a baby.
Edited to add: no. He did not get elected.

Fresh off a breakup on campus, match with this really good looking girl who is talking pure filth. Obviously I'm just an idiot with a hurt heart so I don't question much, head over to her place a few days later.
She insisted I come over on a certain day at X:XX o'clock. Usually I would've been sketched out but it was the middle of the day on a B1G 10 campus what exactly could go THAT south?
Half hour in her husband came home. I was being used in revenge plot.
No more Tinder
I pretty much just froze and he started screaming at her in a language I did not speak and she got of bed and did the same. It was at an apartment slightly off campus where a lot students lived so I guess I just assumed she had a roommate that wasn't home.
Never assume.
I just basically embraced the chaos grabbed my shit as fast as I could and high tailed it out of there. I can only assume it was intentional based on the specific meet up, but maybe it was poor luck.
Either way just talk to the cute girl at the coffee shop it's much better than apps

My worst tinder experience was pretty traumatizing for me at the time. I was a sophomore in college and she was a junior or senior at the same school. The first time we ever hung out, I went over to her apartment and we just watched some Netflix and hung out. Nothing crazy. I was thinking this chick is super cool, we may have something here. So I leave telling her I’d like to see her again if she’s down. She told me she would love to and just hit her up whenever and we’ll make some plans.
We start texting/snap chatting throughout the week and organize some plans for the following weekend. Out of nowhere, she starts sending me unsolicited nudes. Never once asked for them and when we were hanging out the weekend prior, there was no sexual activity at any level. We quite literally Netflix and chilled. It caught me off guard, but I was more than cool with it. I’m a young college guy and this hot older chick wants to send me nudes after only hanging out one time? Say less.
Fast forward to the weekend, she comes to my apartment and we’re hanging out with my roommates watching something on TV. She asks me if she can stay the night, and after sending nudes to me all week, I kind of figured what was up, so in my head I’m like “....uhh fuck yes”. But I tell her of course and to be polite I offer to sleep on the couch because we’ve only known each other for all of about 2 weeks and have only seen each other in person one time prior. She tells me she’d rather me sleep in my bed with her, so I know it’s on.
We get to Netflix and chilling in my room and I make a move. We start to hook up and eventually wind up having sex. I wore a condom and finished inside of it and tossed it off to my side of the bed. As we’re laying there after a few minutes, she gets up abruptly, comes around to my side of the bed and grabs the condom off the floor and runs into the bathroom. I’m a little confused, maybe a little concerned but kind of brush it off. As I’m laying there in my bed I hear a loud crash in my bathroom she yells “fuck” I ask if she’s okay and get no response. I’m a little concerned thinking this girl just fell in my bathroom and cracked her head open or something. I go to open the door and she is standing in my shower with one leg propped up trying to shove the condom up her vagina after she flipped it inside out. I freak out, no clue what to do. She’s clearly freaked out and probably embarrassed? I have no clue. I shut the door and she immediately comes back out, says she’s gonna leave and I say sounds good. I never hear from her again.

We lived about 25 minutes from each other, so agreed to meet at the beach pier about halfway between. Before meeting, we had been texting and he seemed totally normal. I was already at the pier when he texted me saying he can't meet me there because his license is revoked and it's too far for him to walk. I should've just left then, but I agreed to meet him at a pizza place closer to him. I get there, and I'm standing outside when I see him, and quickly realize the pics from his profile were at least 3-5 years old. Homeboy looks like the dollar store version of himself. Greasy, looks like he hasn't showered in days, hair undone, holes in his shirt. I awkwardly give him a side hug and suggest we get a seat, and he says, "Oh, no, we're not getting pizza. Let's go to the park." I awkwardly say okay, and as he talks, I realize his gums and tongue ring are stained black from smoking. By this point, I am completely turned off and am just keeping up with formalities.
So we get to the park and find a bench to talk, and before I can sit down, homie pulls me onto his lap, squeezing me and saying, "God, babygirl, you are so fucking cute." I awkwardly scootch away and try to get a conversation going. He pulls out his phone and starts texting for a few minutes, not really listening to me, before interrupting with, "Have you smoked? My friend is a plug, we could go back to my place for a bowl." I decline. "Aw, come on, babygirl, my place is just right there. We could have some fun, too." I decline again. Next thing you know, he pulls me close by the face and whispers, "You're so innocent,"  before broad-tongued licking my face from chin to ear. Shell-shocked, I just sit there for a moment processing what the fuck just happened as he keeps talking about weed before I decide to fake an urgent phone call and leave.

Chatted with this girl for about two weeks. Every conversation went well and  eventually I got her number and she started sharing nudes and speaking dirty. Late on evening after a stressful work day she talks me into driving an hour to come get coffee with her. She spends the next hour and a half non stop talking about her ex and how she has to see him at the bank and all this personal upset ex girlfriend stuff. She cuts me off anytime I try to speak or changed the subject right back to him. A day later I get a text about how I didn’t do any talking and I was too boring to be anything more than just friends with.  She got irate when I pointed out she would not allow me to speak and only wanted to talk about her ex boyfriend when we have never once had a slow or boring conversation before meeting up.

A chick said she was having a “work party” at her house and I should come over. It’s byob, so I bought a 6 pack for myself. Went to her place and noticed more than half of the people were younger (17-18, while I was 21 and the girl was also 21). Then they gathered everyone in the living room and proceed to talk about the job. Turns out it was one of those pyramid scheme recruiting gatherings. I just sat there drinking my beer (only one drinking) for 2 hours because I thought it was rude to leave because they were telling sob stories and saying how much this “job” had helped them. Sat there listening to some “head of the group guy” saying how we can make millions in a short amount of time. Saying bullshit like “you see my bmw 3 series out front? That’s a company car that you can drive around in, if you do what we do”. It was sad because they where trapping low income teens that are deciding not to go to college and to join them. After the pitch, I pretty much had enough and was preparing to leave. Then the girl came up to me and asked “what I thought” and I  just said it’s not for me and I’m leaving. She asked if I wanted to take my beer and I said they needed it more than I did.  Two or three weeks later she sent me a text (unfortunately we exchanged numbers) asking if the “head of the group” guy can call me and ask me questions on why I’m not signing up and how I thought the group session went. I didn’t reply but sure enough the dude called me and I politely said it’s not for me but he kept pushing. Finally I had to tell him to fuck off. And that was the end of that. Never went to “work parties” for a tinder date again. It was a complete shit show and if it wasn’t for the beer I brought or the tinder dates dog, I would have just left.
Looking back on it, during the pitch, the “head of the group” guy said at one point “if you’re not interested in making a million dollars, you can just leave, no ones stopping you”. I really wish I stood up, chugged my beer and said “fuck this shit, you guys are all stupid and no one should be joining , you will ruin your lives” and walk out. But that’s just a day dream I have in the shower.

Not tinder but match.com and right in its infancy too long time ago when it was just weirdos doing online dating.
I matched and met up with a girl. She was way hotter than me, like crazy hot, way out of my league. The date was going super well and we'd even made out a bit. Couldn't believe my luck.
We decided that as it was going so well we'd keep it going and headed to a bar. We were getting cozy in a corner when a group of African lads came into the bar. I live in a very homogeneous white country to the point that that would even be noteworthy especially at that time.
She got up off where we were sitting and began shouting abuse at the lads who came in saying they didn't belong here and dropping the n word several times. I felt like that moment in a horror movie where the camera Sims in on your face and the background zooms out.
I just got up and walked out. She tried to call me the next day to set up another date, I just ignored her. Clearly fucking nuts. Too good to be true in the truest sense.

I went on a tinder date a several months ago around October and it went really well. Girl had a job, wasn't crazy, and was cute so we decided to have a second date. The only thing was that the second date was at her thanksgiving party so she could introduce me to her friends and family which I thought was a bit too early for. Anyways, I didn't have anything planned that day so I decided to go.
My job was to make the jungle juice for the party and it consisted of the usual everclear, Hawaiian Punch, lemonade powder and ice combo I've used throughout college. It worked wonders and everyone got really drunk.
Near the end of the party my date and her friends told me I did an amazing job on the drink. My date also mentioned that she really liked the "fruit" I added into there and that everyone at the party was trying to get some.
For some reason, That did not sit well with drunk me so I headed over to the alcohol canister to investigate.
I grabbed my trusty ladle and started scraping the bottom of the canisters and on one of the ladles I found some chunks of meat and pieces of ramen. Thats when I realized that someone puked in the jungle juice.

This isn't actually my story. It's my Mom's. After getting out of an incredibly long and unpleasant marriage, my mom joined Tinder. Stella wanted to get her groove back, and I was 100% on her team (I'm an adult). I can't emphasize enough, she was not looking for a long-term connection. Her work sent her out of state for a while, and everything seemed perfect. She's going to get her rando D and there's no chance of it getting serious.
She's sending me screenshots of the guys she's considering, I'm giving her tips on safety. And then she picks a guy. I immediately tell her that he is not a wise choice. This guy's profile is 98% red flags by volume. Whatever, she's an adult, I literally cannot stop her. Somehow in the four hours they are physically together he figures out which flight she's taking the next day. He used that to find her final destination, and somehow even finds her home address. He uses the public tax information to find her full name, and from there hunts down her Facebook.
And finds my dad. Calls him on the phone!! And dishes E V E R Y T H I N G. Sends him pictures and screenshots of convos. Then he starts sending my mom harassing messages that he loves her but that he can't trust her. Ultimately my mom had to call the police.

I matched with a girl and sent a lot of messages, later that night we talked on the phone and the conversation was going really well so I asked to go out the next night. She agreed and then five minutes later she tells me that needs to tell me something. She tells me that she’s permanently in a wheelchair. So I’m either an ahole if I back out now or an ahole if I lead her on. I figure why not, it’s just a date and it could be a fun time still. We talk more that night and go to bed, the next morning she calls me early and tells me she’s doing something crazy. She won’t tell me what but she said she’ll show me later. A few hours goes by and she calls me back, and tells me she’s going to send me a pic of what she did. I check my messages and I see a picture of her wrist, with my name now tattooed on it. We end the call and I immediately tell my friends about this crazy girl. Later that night I’m driving to her place cause I figure, she can be committed enough to tattoo my name on her I should be committed enough to go on this date. Plus I have to know it it’s real. I’m almost at her place and I realize that my car may not accommodate her wheelchair and I know she drives so I ask if she can drive us. I’m walking in the parking lot and she drives up and I get in the car. Now I had figured she had a handicapped enabled car. Nope. Turns out she just uses two crutches to drive, one on the gas and one on the brake. I don’t like this as we’re driving on the southern California freeways in traffic. We go eat and she gets a phone call from her daughter. Turns out she left her 10 yr old daughter at home alone and she’s scared. I’m like hey we can go. But she’s like no it’s okay I gave her something to make her sleep she’ll be asleep soon. So we finish up and I was gonna take her to see a movie, but the kid thing was too much so we head home and my fingers are already crossed that we make it when she turns to me while driving and says wow I’m kinda drunk. In my head I’m like, one drink is all you had! But I ask if I can drive and she says no she’s gonna get in the fast lane and uses her crutch to hit the gas. I say my last prayers but we made it back to her place. So I wheeled her back to her door said goodbye and lived. Tattoo was real though.

I went on a tinder date a couple months ago on a sunday afternoon. Met up with the guy around 3, he had a really good energy and was funny and complimentary. The place we wanted to go had a long line, so we went to another restaurant on the water for a drink and appetizers. He started slamming down Mai Tais. I had one,  he had 3. They were STRONG. Like, I was tipsy borderline drunk off of one. The bar had a 2 mai tai per person limit, but he found another bartender to get his 3rd. He got drunker and drunker and started telling me he loved me, joking at first but getting increasingly serious. As we left he asked me to marry him, I kind of laughed it off, and was like “maybe we take it slow, we just met each other.” He got so mad he stormed off and left me on a street corner. Then as soon as he got home (it was 5 pm) he started texting me “come over.” And “I miss you.”
He was 43. Wtf.

Sooo I matched with this super attractive super tall dude. We meet up for drinks and he's charming, all around seems like I hit the jackpot. I'm starting to wonder why on earth is he interested in me.
Fast forward to us being back at his place. We're making out and before long, I'm taking off his pants and with no notice from him, bam micropenis. This little nub, maybe 2 inches long and about the size of my finger is staring me in the face. Now, I don't judge and started playing with it, thinking to myself how are we going to have sex? Maybe he's got pussy eating down to an art and it's going to be a hot night. Well nope, apparently he's not into that. He wants to skip oral, go straight to penetration. I'm on my stomach and he starts "fucking" me from behind. He starts to dirty talk as well asking me how much I love his "big dick" and how I like " having my pussy destroyed." I'm trying as best I can not to laugh and dont have the heart to tell him he's just fucking my thighs, not actually penetrating me. It doesnt take long until he cums and I'm stuck wondering what the hell just happened to me.

There’s a few but the first that comes to mind...
Met this really cute girl on tinder, she was really cool and we got along pretty well, I forget how our first “date” went but after hanging out a few times I went over to her place and we hooked up. It’s was pretty great except that I forgot in her bio that she was fluent in German...
And so mid coitus this very cute blonde is shouting in German, which no offense to the Germans isn’t exactly the sexiest language in the book. It was so unexpected and I was terrified.
Another time we went to grab a drink at a bar and she obviously knew the bartender and we were all chatting it up, she was hanging on me and we had some PDA going on. After the bartender left I asked how she knew him, and she told me that he was her ex husband. I was a bit shocked because we were all 20 somethin’s. When she went to the bathroom he leaned over and asked me how I took to the German in bed and I still a bit shocked said “it’s alright” he winked at me and she came back.
Weird girl, Nice guy, comped our drinks and he still remembers me when I go in for a beer.

Oh I have one where I was probably the nightmare! I went on a first date with a girl from tinder at a cajun restaurant in Dallas, (the restaurant was the Razzoo's on 75). I had read recently about some stuff called Kratom, that is supposed to make you feel really relaxed and euphoric, and I had tried to make a tea from the recommended dosage the previous day, but I didn't feel anything off of it. So I figured if this stuff was supposed to make you be cool and euphoric then the best time to take it would be for a first date! and since I didn't feel anything from it the first time I figured I should take more. So I wrapped a LOT of it (Kratom is usually sold as a greenish, super bitter powder) up inside of balls of deli meat and swallowed those whole before the date. I then went to the lunch feeling nothing, until I met the girl and sat down, at which point I suddenly came to the realization that I was a few seconds away from projectile vomiting up all that Kratom and Deli meat in the middle the restaurant. I excused myself, got up from the table, walked a few steps towards the bathroom until I began to violently vomit. At which point I covered my mouth with my hands, began choking on my own vomit as I sprinted towards the bathroom, leaked a trail of vomit all over the floor in a path towards the bathroom, then continued to violently projectile vomit into the trash can in the bathroom. I then spent a while to clean my face and wash my arms and hands which were soaked in vomit. I then returned to the table and tried to survive the rest of the lunch date without dying of embarrassment. I felt like a huge asshole and was really embarrassed.

Not me, my dad. Not tinder either, it was match.com.
My Dad had been on match for about three months with some success (he’s a tall Australian man who’s decent looking so he had some interest).
One weekend he got sent his first “nude” which he thought had strange, but brushed it off. Later that week he got six more nudes from the same woman. Before he blocked her, he decided that he would open them just for kicks.
Five of the pictures are just straight up vag shots (which he said were incredibly unappealing and had terrible lighting). The sixth picture however was something different.
The woman was standing in her bra in front of a mirror, puss out, winking, with a bunch of herbs shoved in her bra. Basil, parsley, thyme, all that good stuff. The caption on the picture was “spice rack”.
She was swiftly blocked after my dad stopped laughing long enough to find the block button.

I've been waiting for the right thread for this..
After a movie date with a guy I met on tinder, we came back to my place. We'll call him Dude. I told him we could hang for a bit but I have work in the morning so I would need to go to sleep soon. Dude said that was fine, but he was hungry and he was going to order food. Ok sure. Dude orders 2 large subs from PotBelly and a milkshake. Downs it. No judgment, he's 6'4, 210 lbs, younger still growing, by all means. I didn't think anything of it until later...
We end up messing around a bit and fall asleep in bed. I wake up to my front door opening and closing several times over a 5 minute period. My dogs are going nuts, and it's 1am. What the heck is this guy doing?? I open the door to my room that opens up to the rest of my apartment and my bathroom is to the left where the light is on and the door is wide open, I walk around the corner to make eye contact with Dude who is in a squatting position over my toilet, with a stick, poking around in murky brown poop water that is milimeters from overflowing onto my bathroom floor. Horrified, he yells, " Stop looking at me! Go back to bed! I have it under control!" I'm still waking up trying to understand what i'm seeing and what's going on, and I just start nervous laughing I don't know what else to do. He yells, "Why don't you have a plunger?!?" And I said I don't know I never needed one until now!! He tells me to go back to bed he has it under control, i'm so disturbed, tired, can't process what's happening and have work in the morning I go back to bed. I remember hearing him peek in my room a bit later and heard, "I fixed it." and then heard him leave and my door close behind him.
The next morning. I hesitantly approach my toilet to find the water is down. But there is something poking out from the bottom of the toilet like he didn't get it all. Upon further inspection, what I was seeing was the tip of a stick. Some gloves, towels and BBQ tongues later I pulled out approximately 3 foot of stick from my toilet that had broke off, followed by several other stick fragments. Dude had broke several sticks. I heard my door open and close so much, because he was going outside to look for a stick, one would break, he'd go get another. Dude had left drippy poop water stains all over my bathroom floor. He also left my apartment soo fast, that he left his underwear, and undershirt and socks...
After work that day, I went straight to the store and bought a plunger.
Lesson learned.
TLDR; Guy from tinder ate a bunch right before bed, took a huge poop while I was asleep, woke up to him trying to plunge the toilet with a stick he found outside.

I have a couple, not from Tinder, but met guys on Match back when I was single and ready to mingle.
First one seemed quite nice, but was a bit controlling on the first date deciding where we went without asking my opinion etc. But I figured some girls like that level of dominance, so maybe he just read me wrong.
Second one was just plain rude, he made several weird remarks throughout the evening. I made a joke about having a fat arse (I was totally honest in my profile about being a size 14-16 in UK size) and he said in a really dead pan way "Yes, I noticed". He chewed gum throughout the date and when we ate he stuck it to the side plate and left it for the waitress to clear. Then we bumped into a very merry colleague of mine, who I introduced and who drunkenly declared "FabergéEogg is the best boss ever!" (I'm really not!) and the guy literally shrugged and turned his back on him. Rude. I ended the date early, and as I turned to leave, he tried to aggressively shoulder bump me and missed. I blocked him immediately and reported him to Match.
I actually have a few others, but those are the actually amusing ones.

Matched with this cute girl a few years back. Went out for drinks. It was going well, decided to head out to the beach with a six pack to star gaze and make out. Some how we ended up on a stolen sailboat at two AM with her Ex, an old drunken boat repairman(who made copies of the keys to steal the boat), and her dog. After arguing with her ex for thirty minutes she blacks out and falls asleep. Her dog is scared out of it’s mind and is shitting every where. Her ex starts tripping on Acid and yells at me that I have to take care of her and never hurt her. Then runs to the bow of the boat to finish his trip. The old drunken boat thief is just chilling and chugging vodka like it was water. I said fuck it, cleaned up after the dog and brought the poor pup inside the cabin with me, then passed out.
Next morning I woke up to the girl and her ex screaming at each other about some car crash and who’s fault it was. The old boat thief was gone and I had no clue where I parked. I left without them noticing, got some coffee and breakfast, and wandered around the harbor until I found my car.
Never talked with her again, but I didn’t delete tinder.
Edit: The Ex and Old drunk boat thief are two different people. Also how we ended up on the boat. She got a call from her ex, I didn’t find out he was her ex until we were already out of the harbor, and she asked me if I wanted to go sailing with some friends. I’m drunk and I love sailing. So I said hell yeah.

Not me, but I worked as a bartender for a while and heard a lot of horror stories secondhand.
This one girl who was a regular came in and told me about an awful tinder date she had. Not sure of the specifics, but it wasn’t bad enough for her to not bring him home afterward. He leaves the next morning, she brushes it off as a one night stand, and a few days later, her debit card gets declined. Odd, since she is a bartender herself at a fairly busy place in our city and is good about saving and usually flush with cash. She goes to check her debit card, turns out there were a bunch of charges at Best Buy, Grubhub, a bunch of other stuff. Curious, she checks her credit card too. There she found a bunch of charges for streaming services. Netflix, Hulu, sling, everything. She goes to confront the guy and finds out he deleted his profile. But she remembers a friend they had in common on Facebook. She reaches out to the mutual friend to try and track him down and it turns out he did the exact same thing to that mutual friend.
Not sure if what the outcome was but she was out for blood after a mediocre hookup turned into a serious case of identity theft.

I went on a date with this guy who I didn't really have anything in common with but thought I'd give him a shot anyways. We met up at a bar and he had already pounded two pitchers of beer but was completely sober (at least from what I could tell). We hung out, talked, and although he seemed nice enough, I wasn’t quite feeling it. I wanted to leave but he convinced me to go to another bar to get one last drink. Seeing as it was only about 8pm I agreed to one more drink.
We were sitting at the bar and a couple was making out next to us. He looked at me and asked what I thought people in the bar would do if he and I started making out. I knew where this was going…I tried to laugh and make some joke about no one paying attention. He then insisted that we should makeout. I nervously laughed and told him that wasn't a very good idea and excused myself to the restroom. I came back to the seat and he had a shot waiting for me and insisted I drink it - no shot for him, just me. I declined and he got really upset and said he was ready to go. At that point in the evening he had consumed 2 pitchers of beer, 4 margaritas, and 2 more pints yet displayed no sign of being intoxicated. Nonetheless I knew there was a lot of alcohol in his system and asked if he thought it was a good idea for him to drive. He got extremely defensive and said he was fine - we exited the bar and he took off in the opposite direction. When I got home I texted him just to make sure he was ok because had had so much to drink. His response? “I only date girls I fuck on the first date.”
Dodged a bullet with that one.

It was my first time using the app and dating after like 3-4 years. I matched with a Chinese guy, he seemed really nice and his pictures made him seem very handsome. We talk for about a week pretty consistently, and I liked him a lot from text. When he asked me to meet up with him, I said of course.
We met, and he was nothing like his pictures. I later found out that he used Godfrey Gao's photos and not his own. He said he used the pictures because people thought he was too ugly. I SHOULD have left then, but I didn't and we talked. He asked if I wanted to go for a walk at a park "down the road" and I said sure. I didn't see the harm in it.
I told you, I'm really naive.
I got into this guy's car (stupid) and off we went... to another city about 25-30 minutes from the coffee shop we had been at. He says he comes here all the time, there's a nice trail, so I'm like okay we can take a walk and talk.
Nope.
He parked and started kissing me, then he started groping me. I was honestly terrified. He wanted me to get into the back seat and when I said no he dragged me out of the car and made me get into the back seat. I was freaking out but it was like I was frozen. He locked the doors when he got in and I was trying to push him away and keep him off of me but he wouldn't stop. I kept saying no, but -- and I'll never forget these words -- he kept saying "I've never fucked a white girl."
He assaulted me, but I was lucky enough to fight him off and force the door open. I reached into the window of the front seat and grabbed my purse and took off down the little road and a car was there. A high school girl. I probably scared her to death, but I ran to her and begged her to act like we knew each other so the guy didn't drag me back. She called 911 and told me to get into her car, so I did and she locked the doors for me.
The guy came looking for me. My sweater was still in his car and he was screaming for me but the girl said we were best friends so she'd take me home. The police came and took me for a statement. I had to take pictures of the scratches and bites he left on me and the female cop helped me fix my clothes.
I never told anyone. I had just broken up with my boyfriend of 3 years because I found him in bed with my best friend (since diapers). I guess I wanted to feel something? Be attractive to someone? Idk. But I learned my lesson and now I make people send pics to me for proof they match their photos.
Be careful, please.

This well get lost but it’s a doozy.
Went on a date with an Australian who had just moved here two weeks before, so knows NO ONE. Went on first date to a pub, completely fine. She was a bit of a force of nature, spoke a mile a minute, but we got on. Second date went to a really budget pub at her request, because she has only just got a job so hasn’t been paid. Then she wanted to see some live music so I took her to this really cool live music pub about 30 mins away. We got there the band were cool, but after she spoke to/annoyed everyone there, to the point that one of the girlfriends of the band asked me if I was ‘seeing the red flags yet’.  So I tried to just move her back to near where we both live (we didn’t live far from each other), but on the way back home she said we should go to this a big Aussie/kiwi hang out bar/club - because she wants a drink.
We get there and it’s closed BUT a few people say we should join them for drinks. I slightly talk her out of it and she’s like ‘yeh fine cus I need a piss’ so I take her round the corner stand in front of her so she can piss with a degree of privacy, but then during her piss I hear something splat and hit the ground and she’s like ‘oh did I just shit, naah don’t think so’. I turn around and behind her see a biiiig splat of diarrhoea, like it was a fluorescent colour that shouldn’t have come out of a person, but it just seemed to have fallen out of her. So she’s like ‘uuuh what do I do? Oh wait I have the plastic wrap from the CD I just bought from the band.’ So wipes herself with that, which isn’t very absorbent, more smeary... so I just quickly offer to call her a cab. BUT she declines and is then is telling me we should go find those people to go drink again. I swiftly say no and so she kisses me and walks off....
What interests me is she very easily might have gone back to find those two guys and if she did they were probably in for a nasty smeared surprise if they were to get ‘into it’.

Met a girl I was convinced I could marry. We went for a walk on a trail nearby, had a great time talking, we planned to go to the beach but it started raining and my mum lived nearby. She said it would be cool to meet her and despite me offering other options she said she wanted to go there, it surprisingly wasn't awkward at all, my mum really liked her. We all had dinner together and had a great time. She said she had to go to the bathroom and my mum needed something from upstairs, as she came out I was on the landing heading back down and she grabbed my hand and kissed me. The next time we met up we had sex at my place. I had to go away for work for a month or so, she said she was totally okay with it, understood it was my job and that I loved travelling. When I got back, everything was great, after a month we went on holiday together. The holiday was perfect, I was in love with this girl. We both had an amazing time. The train from the airport passed through her town first so we made out, hugged, said bye and that was the last time I saw her. I don't understand what happened, everything was perfect. I text her, she said she needed space. No problem, I had to go away again, when I got back I asked if she wanted to get lunch or something, she said she was over it and had moved on. We were dating for a total of like 6 months. I don't understand what I did wrong and I still think about her everyday. Horrific.

This happened just after I decided to get into the dating scene after a traumatic end to a three year relationship.
So it's 00:45 and a tinder match messages me asking what I'm doing, then invites me to go out with her. I think it's a bit late, but the clubs are open for 3-4 more hours so why not? I should take opportunities, right? I'm a single man in his 20s for the first time.
She says she'll pick me up (Driving in towards the town from outside of it) and I put on cologne and a nice shirt, get ready to go out. I go to the car, my match is in the front passenger seat and her friend is driving. I think it's pretty weird but having a friend along isn't super off so I get in and ask which club we're going to.
"We're not going out-out, just out." My match says as we drive off.
"Where are we going?" I ask, feeling a little uncomfortable.
"Just into town," she replies.
They drive to a nearby bridge with a carpark under it and park, turn the radio up and start chatting. The Girl driving pulls out a 1L (2 pints) bottle of chocolate milk and starts drinking it, they talk about the most boring shit, barely include me in conversation and start rolling cigarettes.
After 15 mins they get out of the car to have a smoke, I get out too. My tinder match is wearing Fluffy white slippers that light up with each step.  I turn and face them, "I appreciate you guys picking me up but this really isn't my scene, I'm going to head off, have a nice night." They were very offended.

I worked in a sushi restaurant all during college, and this attractive guy and his friend comes in during our dinner rush. I’m running around like crazy, but manage to give them good service and they both tip extremely well.
After the shift, I’m at home drinking beer and mindlessly swiping on Tinder, trying to recover from all the craziness of the night. And then the guy I saw at work pops up on my Tinder! He had a very distinctive face/tattoos and tbh, left a memorable tip. I swipe right and then pass the fuck out.
The next day, I wake up to find out we matched and he’d sent some pretty sweet messages. We get to texting, and it turns out he’s only in town for business. He asks me out to dinner (at a super expensive nice restaurant) which I’m wary about,  but through a mix of mimosas and bad advice from my roommates, I agree to meet later that night.
He’s super weirdly  insistent on picking me up, and I finally  had to tell him I’d cancel if I couldn’t drive myself to this date. He backs down, so we meet at this expensive French restaurant. He proceeds to order a $200 bottle of wine, lobster, etc and just spends SO MUCH FUCKING MONEY. Like with tip and everything, I’m sure the meal had to have been around $600.
Conversation starts out normal, but as he drinks more I find out he’s MARRIED. But supposedly in an open relationship. I don’t believe him so he calls his wife right there and sends her my pics. She’s apparently bi and into girls. I hear her tell him to invite me for a threesome at their home in Cancun. Red flags. Red flags everywhere
Once he’s off the phone, I ask him how he gets all his money and affords this lifestyle. With no change of expression, he calmly tells me it’s through a drug cartel. But he’s got connections, yada yada, etc. and it’s all perfectly safe. I nope out and immediately try to leave
He follows me out to the car, tries  to convince me to have this threesome, shows me pics of his wife (who is hot tbh) and his Instagram which proves everything he’s told me. I’m just trying to leave and he tells me I at least owe it to him to go back to his hotel room since he spent so much on dinner. Then tries to force me to kiss him.
I manage to get away, but at this point I’m terrified he’s going to try and follow me home. So I drive around for a while then spend the night at my friends (they had male roommates too) place so he can’t find out where I live. Deleted tinder that day with no regrets. Looking back, I feel like that might have been part of a human trafficking scam. Maybe just a one off crazy dude, but it definitely could have been a part of something much worse.
TLDR: matched with customer, wined/dined/threesome in Cancun, possible human trafficking

Matched with a cute girl who seemed to have all the same nerdy hobbies as I did... so we set up a date at a bar close to my place. We had GREAT conversation over text, so I assumed it would go the same in person... boy was I wrong.
She barely said a single word, even with my prompting her with conversation starting questions... and finally she goes “you’re a dog person aren’t you?”  I blinked a little confused and just said, “yeah?”  And she goes, “yeah I could tell, you’re way too excitable and I’m a cat person.”
I mean, fine? We can like different animals right? But THEN she goes onnnnnn and on about how she’s just like a cat and how me being a dog just wouldn’t work. From then on out anything we talked about would lead back to her = cat and me = dog... it got WEIRD.  I finished my beer and told her I had to be up early (I didn’t) and left.
I still don’t know how the great text convos led to THAT but hey.. what do I know, I’m just a dumb dog.

This happened on bumble, but I’ll write it anyway
There was this guy I used to work with like two years ago who I had a big crush on. He walked out of the job two weeks after I got hired, however I would see him sometimes because he would come in to get coupons from his sister (she also worked there and still does)
So a year ago I found him on bumble and we matched. I shot my shot, and he took me out on a date a week later and we hooked up afterwards. He specifically told me not to tell his sister anything and ghosted me afterwards, hitting me up once in a while to hook up but I would avoid him because I wanted something serious. Fast forward a month later, I meet someone new who wanted to take things seriously and I told the other guy that I was seeing someone else and he snapped. Started calling me rude names, saying I wasn’t special etc. your typical self proclaimed nice guy lmao.
For eight months, he would come into my job to see if I was there and make accounts to message me. I would block every account of his but he kept trying, and I was scared to tell his sister because sometimes people defend family no matter what but I gave in and she took my side thankfully. Ended up telling their mom and they both snapped at him from what I was told, and he hasn’t bothered me ever since.

Posted this before but I’ve an update so here we go —
Went on a date with a girl off tinder and we hit it off ok. No real chemistry though and figured I’d never see her again.
Next night she texts me and tells me she’s at a bar near me for a birthday and that I should come through. I figure why not and meet up and end up having a great time.
She’s super chatty and there’s definitely something there that wasn’t there the night before.
After a few hours she tells me we should go back to my place. Why the hell not.
We’re talking the entire cab ride back and she’s coherent and fine. We get to my place and she opens up her door and faceplants onto the street.
She has somehow become blackout drunk during the 10 minute cab ride.
At this point she is incoherent and can’t tell me where she lives so I pick her up and walk her up the block to my place, up three flights, and settle her in my room.
I don’t feel ok sharing a bed with her when she’s like this so I leave her some water and put a trash can by the bed (just in case) and start to leave my room and head to the couch.
I hear something as I get to the door and turn back in time to see her roll off my bed, hit her neck on the corner of the trash can, and slam on to the floor.
She then starts painting the walls like a sprinkler.
I just watch it happen for a minute. I can’t do anything. Once she stops, I pick her up and take her to the bathroom. She starts round two as I go back to my room and start cleaning up.
After a few minutes, I go check on her and she is passed out in my toilet. At this point, she is completely immobile and I can’t get her up. She has become 50 pounds heavier.
So I grab a pillow, put her head in my lap, and resolve to sleep in the bathroom with her worried my roommate might stumble upon her in the middle of the night.
After a few hours of rough sleep she wakes me up and tells me she needs to use the bathroom. I leave and let her do her thing. After about 15 minutes, I get worried and go to knock on the door only to find it ajar. I push it open only to be confronted with a wall of stink.
She has passed out on my toilet while taking the most obscene shit.
And her head is now jammed between the toilet back and my sink somehow.
I manage to get her head free but she is out. I can’t do anything anymore. I can’t get her up and I can’t wipe her ass for her. So I leave her and go to the couch.
After a few hours I hear her get up and go to my bed. I check in on her and she is out, fully clothed, in my bed, and covered in puke still.
Defeated, I go back to the couch.
I have to work early in the morning so I go to check in on her around 7 AM only to find she has gotten her period in my bed.
I leave her $10, a T-shirt and jeans, and directions to the nearest laundromat.
She texted me later apologizing and we went on another date and ended up sleeping together.
It only becomes painfully clear to me later that she was probably roofied by someone at the bar and I should have gotten her medical attention.
Fast forward 4 years, I go to a holiday party for my girlfriend’s company and she’s there. Turns out she’s dating one of my gf’s clients. She doesn’t recognize me and I don’t make an attempt to remind her.

